1: Brotherhood Wannabe
Tags: Energy Weapons, Science, Unarmed
Traits: Terrifying Presence
Condition:Fight with Energy Weapons and Power Fists.
Join the Brotherhood of Steel.
Wear Power Armor but not Salvaged Power Armor


2: The Great Doctor
Tags: Medicine, Science
Traits: Good Natured
Perks: Living Anatomy, Fast Metabolism, Life Giver, Chemist
Condition: Ally yourself with the Followers of the Apocalypse.
Always aid those in need.


3: Minuteman
Tags: Guns, Survival, & Repair or Medicine
Traits: Trigger Disipline
Perks: Commando, Travel Light, Sniper, Scounger, Grunt, Light Touch
Condition: Use Rifles, Snipers, and Light Armor.
Move during combat, avoid engaging the enemy head-on.
Ammo Stashes are always a good idea.

4: Gunslinger
Tags: Gun, Speech, NOT Sneak, Science, or Energy Weapons
Perks: Gunslinger, Cowboy, Quick Draw, Terrifying Presence
Condition: Wear Cowboy hats
You're upfront and you don't mince words, if you're there to kill someone you get right to it.
Scotch and whisky are your drinks of choice, and you like your drinks


5: 23rd Century Monk
Tags: Unarmed, Survival, & Sneak or Speech
Traits: Toughness x2, Stonewall, Super Slam, Piercing Strike, Unstoppable Force,
Purifier, Paralyzing Palm, Ninja (if Sneak tagged), Slayer
Condition: Using guns is against your religion, You are very devout.
Learn as many of teh special unarmed moves as you can.
You believe the holistic approach (foods & poultices) is always preferable to traditional medicine.

6: Violent Retard
Tags: Melee, Unarmed: 10 STR, 10 END, 1 INT, 1 CHA
Condition: NO! Bad Hurt things that scary or confusing! Loud Noises NO!
Talk little people laught at you!
Pet da cute moe rats and lizads unless dey bite you



7: Junkie
Condition: You must always be on at leaast one addictive chem
Spend all your money on chems first and formost
If you are ever sober, make your first priority getting chems at any cost.
Kill, steal, sell the clothes off your back, you need your fix.
Do NOT take Logan's Loophole or any perks that add to Chem-Resistance,
save for Big Brained if you play Old World Blues. 

8: High Roller
Tags: Barter, Speech
Perks: Fortune Finder: Luck no greater than 5
Condition: Wear a suit or dress in a casino, Always gamble when passing a casino or New Vegas
If you're in New Vegas, don't leave until you've won 1000 caps or lost all the money you came with
Buy all the food, entertainment, and lodging excess while in New Vegas. It's a party city, live a little!


9: Big Game Hunter
Tags: Guns, Survival
Perks: Sneering Imperialist, Them's Good Eatin
Condition: You'll communicate with the locals-even... Ghoul-but touching them with an ungloved hand is simply beneath you
Common riff-raff like raiders and 'Powder Gangers' are demeaning to even look at, let alone aid. Rifles are the most efficient and elagant ways to kill.
The bigger and more threatening the prey the more glory for you to seek
Anything can be a meal when on the hunt!

10: Hick
Tags: Guns, Explosives, Repair
Traits: Hot Blodded
Perks: And Stay Back, Shotgun Surgeon, Cowboy, Hit the Deck, Splash Damage, Hand Loader, Jury Rigger, Junk Rounds: INT = 3
Condition: Use dynamite and any shotgun 'cept that fancy-schmansy Riot Shotgun. You should also beat someone with a pipe, tire iron, baseball bat, or shovel.
Don't accept NOBODY walkin' around on your property without your permission. Wear something nice and simple like a Field Hand outfit or Prospector outfit
Cook you own food and make/repair you own gun & ammo as much as possible. Why buy when you make? Unless you're buying supplies to make stuff, that is.