1: The Compensator
Tags: Guns, Explosives
Traits: Small Frame, Fast Shot
Condition: Use big guns such as the Minigun and Flamer
Wear heavy, bulky armor
consistantly strike out with ladies


2: The Baybe Magnet
Tags: Explosions, Guns
Perks: Commando, Splash Damage
Condition: Choose whatever conversation options will allow you to kill things the fastest.
Wear Combat Armor, especially if NCR
Do every last subquest imaginable for the NCR if not Legion
Develop unhealthy obsession with miscellanious, untalented, moderately attractive female NPC

3: Atomic Liberace
Tags: Energy Weapons, Repair
Perks: Confirmed Bachelor, In Shining Armor
Condition: Must keep your weapons and armor in the best condition possible.
Must be as vibrant as possible!



4: The Suit
Tags: Energy Weapons, Speech, Science
Traits: Wild Wasteland
Perks: Robtics Expert, Run 'n Gun
Condition: Use That Gun
Wear Businesswear
Use a single letter for your name

5: Vault Boy
Tags: Science, Speech, Medicine
Condition: Make people believe you are helping them when you're just them to achieve your own goals!
Build your success on teh backs of others!
Always keep smiling!



6: Mr. Untrustworthy
Tags: Speech
Condition: Be kind to those you randomly meet, then kill them.
Assume that anybody around you wnats to kill, rob, and/or rape you (because chances are they do).
Attempt to breed with teh females you encounter in the wastes for the continuation of the species and your line.



7: Highwayman
Tags: Guns, Melee Weapons, Speech
Perks: Gunslinger, Unstoppable force
Condition: Use swords and pistols
Gallently attack patrols head-on, Win the hearts of women in town
Rob the occasional caravan, Always cover your face when out on the Highways 


8:Mack the Knife
Tags: Melee Weapons, Stealth
Condition: Use knifes
Whenever you're in a city at nighttime you feel compelled to kill at least one person on the streets.
If this does not happed, remain in town until the next night then try again. No deliberately skipping nights!



9: The Ink Spot
Tags: Explosives, Speech
Perks: Lady Killer, Confirmed Bachelor
Condition: Use fire-based weaponry (Flamer, Incinerator, Shishkebab)
Pitch woo to all that you can



10: Combat Devolved
Tags: Guns, Energy Weapons, Explosive
Perks: Admantium Skeleton, Grunt
Condition: Get the Agility, Endurance, Strength, Sub-Dermal, and Monocyte Breeder implants
Have no more two 'active' guns at a time and a lone combat knife.
Carry as may TYPES of grenades and mines as you want, but no more than two of each.
Wear Power Armor. NEVER remove your helmet/headgear. Duty comes first, soldier.